website/integrations: ghe emu: migrate to entitlements (#21678)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/development/github-enterprise-emu/index.md

- `github.com/enterprises/foo` is your GitHub organization, where `foo` is the name of your enterprise
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

> - `GitHub Users` is an application entitlement used for standard GitHub Enterprise Cloud EMU users.
> - `GitHub Admins` is an application entitlement used for GitHub enterprise administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GitHub Users` is an application entitlement used to define standard GitHub Enterprise Cloud EMU users.
- `GitHub Admins` is an application entitlement used to define GitHub enterprise administrators.
```

Not essential
